.agents/rules/memory-bank/context.md, before:

# **Project Context Documentation**

## **Current Project State**

### **Project Overview**
- **Name**: Go Fiber Production-Ready Template
- **Module**: `github.com/zercle/gofiber-skeleton`
- **Status**: Template repository with comprehensive documentation
- **Version**: Initial template version
- **Last Updated**: 2025-10-11

### **Repository State**
- **Structure**: Mono-repo with Clean Architecture
- **Content**: Documentation and configuration files only
- **Implementation**: Ready for template-based development
- **Documentation**: Complete Memory Bank initialized

## **Active Development Focus**

### **Current Session Goals**
- Initialize Memory Bank for project continuity
- Document comprehensive project context
- Establish foundation for future development
- Create reference architecture and patterns

### **Immediate Next Steps**
1. Validate Memory Bank completeness
2. Prepare for template implementation
3. Set up development environment
4. Begin reference domain implementation

## **Project Readiness Assessment**

### **Completed Components**
- ✅ **Project Brief**: Comprehensive requirements and goals
- ✅ **Architecture Documentation**: Complete technical blueprint
- ✅ **Product Documentation**: User workflows and value proposition
- ✅ **Technology Stack**: Detailed technology decisions
- ✅ **CI/CD Pipeline**: GitHub Actions workflows
- ✅ **Development Environment**: Docker and tooling setup

### **Pending Implementation**
- ⏳ **Go Source Code**: Template implementation pending
- ⏳ **Reference Domain**: User/auth domain to be implemented
- ⏳ **Database Schema**: Migration files to be created
- ⏳ **API Endpoints**: Handler implementations pending
- ⏳ **Testing Suite**: Comprehensive test coverage needed

### **Configuration Status**
- ✅ **Docker Compose**: Development environment configured
- ✅ **GitHub Actions**: CI/CD pipelines ready
- ✅ **Go Module**: Basic module initialization
- ⏳ **Environment Variables**: Configuration to be implemented
- ⏳ **Dependencies**: Go modules to be added

## **Development Environment Status**

### **Local Development Setup**
- **Prerequisites**: Go 1.25.0+, Docker, Docker Compose
- **Tools Ready**: Air, sqlc, swag, golangci-lint, mockgen
- **Database**: PostgreSQL 18-alpine configured
- **Cache**: Valkey (Redis-compatible) configured
- **Hot Reload**: Air configuration ready

### **Development Commands Available**
```bash
make dev          # Start development with hot reload
make test         # Run comprehensive test suite
make lint         # Code quality checks
make build        # Build production binary
make migrate-up   # Run database migrations
make sqlc         # Generate SQL code
make swag         # Generate API docs
make mocks        # Generate test mocks
```

## **Template Implementation Roadmap**

### **Phase 1: Foundation Setup**
1. **Initialize Go Dependencies**
   - Add core framework dependencies
   - Configure dependency injection
   - Set up configuration management

2. **Database Infrastructure**
   - Create migration files
   - Set up sqlc configuration
   - Implement database connections

3. **Core Middleware**
   - Authentication middleware
   - Logging and request tracing
   - Error handling middleware
   - CORS and security headers

### **Phase 2: Reference Domain**
1. **User Domain Implementation**
   - Entity models and validation
   - Repository interfaces and implementation
   - Use cases for registration/login
   - HTTP handlers and routing

2. **Authentication System**
   - JWT token generation/validation
   - Password hashing with bcrypt
   - Authentication middleware
   - Authorization patterns

3. **Testing Infrastructure**
   - Unit tests with mocks
   - Integration tests
   - API endpoint tests
   - Test data fixtures

### **Phase 3: Documentation & Tools**
1. **API Documentation**
   - Swagger/OpenAPI specification
   - Interactive documentation UI
   - Code examples and tutorials

2. **Development Tools**
   - Makefile commands
   - Development scripts
   - Code generation workflows
   - Quality assurance tools

## **Current Constraints & Considerations**

### **Technical Constraints**
- **Go Version**: Requires 1.25.0+ for latest features
- **Database**: PostgreSQL required for full functionality
- **Cache**: Valkey/Redis for optimal performance
- **Platform**: Cross-platform compatibility maintained

### **Development Constraints**
- **Architecture**: Strict Clean Architecture adherence
- **Testing**: 90%+ coverage requirement
- **Documentation**: Comprehensive documentation mandatory
- **Code Quality**: golangci-lint compliance required

### **Deployment Considerations**
- **Containerization**: Docker-based deployment
- **Environment**: Environment-specific configuration
- **Security**: Production-grade security measures
- **Monitoring**: Observability and health checks

## **Key Decision Points**

### **Architecture Decisions**
- **Clean Architecture**: Chosen for maintainability and testability
- **Domain-Driven Design**: For business logic isolation
- **Dependency Injection**: Samber's do for type safety
- **SQL Generation**: sqlc for compile-time validation

### **Technology Decisions**
- **Fiber v2**: High-performance web framework
- **PostgreSQL**: Robust relational database
- **Valkey**: Redis-compatible caching
- **JWT**: Stateless authentication

### **Development Process Decisions**
- **Test-Driven Development**: Comprehensive testing strategy
- **Documentation-First**: In-code documentation
- **CI/CD Integration**: Automated quality checks
- **Container Development**: Consistent environments

## **Risk Assessment**

### **Technical Risks**
- **Dependency Management**: Go module compatibility
- **Performance**: Database query optimization
- **Security**: Authentication and authorization
- **Scalability**: Horizontal scaling readiness

### **Development Risks**
- **Complexity**: Clean Architecture learning curve
- **Testing**: Mock generation and maintenance
- **Documentation**: Keeping docs synchronized
- **Quality**: Maintaining code standards

### **Mitigation Strategies**
- **Reference Implementation**: User domain as pattern
- **Comprehensive Testing**: Automated test coverage
- **Documentation Standards**: In-code documentation
- **Quality Gates**: CI/CD quality checks

## **Success Metrics**

### **Template Success Metrics**
- **Setup Time**: < 5 minutes for new projects
- **Domain Addition**: < 1 hour for new domains
- **Test Coverage**: 90%+ automated coverage
- **Documentation**: Complete API documentation

### **Quality Metrics**
- **Code Quality**: golangci-lint compliance
- **Security**: Zero high-severity vulnerabilities
- **Performance**: < 1ms average response time
- **Reliability**: 99.9% uptime target

### **Developer Experience Metrics**
- **Learning Curve**: Minimal ramp-up time
- **Productivity**: 10x faster initial development
- **Consistency**: Standardized patterns across projects
- **Maintenance**: Reduced technical debt

## **Next Priority Actions**

### **Immediate Actions (Next Session)**
1. **Begin Go Implementation**
   - Initialize core dependencies
   - Set up project structure
   - Implement configuration management

2. **Database Setup**
   - Create initial migrations
   - Configure sqlc
   - Set up database connections

3. **Core Infrastructure**
   - Implement middleware stack
   - Set up dependency injection
   - Create base structures

### **Short-term Goals (1-2 weeks)**
1. **Reference Domain Completion**
   - Full user/auth implementation
   - Comprehensive test coverage
   - API documentation generation

2. **Development Tooling**
   - Complete Makefile commands
   - Code generation workflows
   - Quality assurance automation

### **Medium-term Goals (1 month)**
1. **Template Validation**
   - End-to-end testing
   - Performance benchmarking
   - Security audit completion

2. **Documentation Enhancement**
   - Tutorial creation
   - Video demonstrations
   - Community guides

## **Stakeholder Communication**

### **Development Team**
- **Architecture Decisions**: Documented in architecture.md
- **Implementation Patterns**: Reference domain examples
- **Quality Standards**: CI/CD pipeline enforcement
- **Development Workflow**: Makefile and scripts

### **End Users**
- **Setup Instructions**: TEMPLATE_SETUP.md
- **Development Guide**: Adding new domains
- **API Documentation**: Auto-generated Swagger docs
- **Best Practices**: In-code examples

### **Operations Team**
- **Deployment Guide**: Docker and CI/CD documentation
- **Monitoring Setup**: Health checks and logging
- **Security Configuration**: Environment variables
- **Performance Tuning**: Configuration options

## **Knowledge Management**

### **Documentation Strategy**
- **Memory Bank**: Centralized project knowledge
- **Code Documentation**: In-code comments and examples
- **API Documentation**: Auto-generated and maintained
- **Process Documentation**: Step-by-step guides

### **Knowledge Transfer**
- **Reference Implementation**: User domain as learning tool
- **Patterns Library**: Reusable architectural patterns
- **Testing Examples**: Comprehensive test patterns
- **Configuration Examples**: Environment-specific setups

## **Continuous Improvement**

### **Feedback Loops**
- **Developer Feedback**: Usability and productivity
- **User Feedback**: Template effectiveness
- **Performance Metrics**: Benchmarking and optimization
- **Security Updates**: Regular dependency updates

### **Evolution Strategy**
- **Technology Updates**: Regular Go ecosystem updates
- **Pattern Refinement**: Architecture improvements
- **Tool Enhancement**: Development tool upgrades
- **Documentation Maintenance**: Keeping content current

Commit message:

docs(memory-bank): update security and testing specifications for fresh implementation
- Switch password hashing from bcrypt to Argon2id for enhanced security
- Update mock generation tools from go.uber.org/mock to uber-go/mock and DATA-DOG/go-sqlmock
- Refresh documentation to reflect updated technical requirements
- Prepare Memory Bank for fresh implementation with current best practices

.agents/rules/memory-bank/context.md, after:

# **Project Context Documentation**

## **Current Project State**

### **Project Overview**
- **Name**: Go Fiber Production-Ready Template
- **Module**: `github.com/zercle/gofiber-skeleton`
- **Status**: Template repository with comprehensive documentation
- **Version**: Initial template version
- **Last Updated**: 2025-10-11

### **Repository State**
- **Structure**: Mono-repo with Clean Architecture
- **Content**: Documentation and configuration files only
- **Implementation**: Fresh re-implementation required - all previous implementation cleared
- **Documentation**: Complete Memory Bank initialized with updated requirements

## **Active Development Focus**

### **Current Session Goals**
- Update Memory Bank to reflect new requirements
- Document comprehensive project context with fresh implementation state
- Establish foundation for fresh re-implementation
- Update reference architecture and patterns with argon2id and testing requirements

### **Immediate Next Steps**
1. Validate Memory Bank completeness with updated requirements
2. Prepare for fresh re-implementation
3. Set up development environment
4. Begin reference domain implementation with argon2id and testing requirements

## **Project Readiness Assessment**

### **Completed Components**
- ✅ **Project Brief**: Comprehensive requirements and goals
- ✅ **Architecture Documentation**: Complete technical blueprint
- ✅ **Product Documentation**: User workflows and value proposition
- ✅ **Technology Stack**: Detailed technology decisions
- ✅ **CI/CD Pipeline**: GitHub Actions workflows
- ✅ **Development Environment**: Docker and tooling setup

### **Pending Implementation**
- ⏳ **Go Source Code**: Template implementation pending
- ⏳ **Reference Domain**: User/auth domain to be implemented
- ⏳ **Database Schema**: Migration files to be created
- ⏳ **API Endpoints**: Handler implementations pending
- ⏳ **Testing Suite**: Comprehensive test coverage needed

### **Configuration Status**
- ✅ **Docker Compose**: Development environment configured
- ✅ **GitHub Actions**: CI/CD pipelines ready
- ✅ **Go Module**: Basic module initialization
- ⏳ **Environment Variables**: Configuration to be implemented
- ⏳ **Dependencies**: Go modules to be added

## **Development Environment Status**

### **Local Development Setup**
- **Prerequisites**: Go 1.25.0+, Docker, Docker Compose
- **Tools Ready**: Air, sqlc, swag, golangci-lint, mockgen
- **Database**: PostgreSQL 18-alpine configured
- **Cache**: Valkey (Redis-compatible) configured
- **Hot Reload**: Air configuration ready

### **Development Commands Available**
```bash
make dev          # Start development with hot reload
make test         # Run comprehensive test suite
make lint         # Code quality checks
make build        # Build production binary
make migrate-up   # Run database migrations
make sqlc         # Generate SQL code
make swag         # Generate API docs
make mocks        # Generate test mocks
```

## **Template Implementation Roadmap**

### **Phase 1: Foundation Setup**
1. **Initialize Go Dependencies**
   - Add core framework dependencies
   - Configure dependency injection
   - Set up configuration management

2. **Database Infrastructure**
   - Create migration files
   - Set up sqlc configuration
   - Implement database connections

3. **Core Middleware**
   - Authentication middleware
   - Logging and request tracing
   - Error handling middleware
   - CORS and security headers

### **Phase 2: Reference Domain**
1. **User Domain Implementation**
   - Entity models and validation
   - Repository interfaces and implementation
   - Use cases for registration/login
   - HTTP handlers and routing

2. **Authentication System**
   - JWT token generation/validation
   - Password hashing with bcrypt
   - Authentication middleware
   - Authorization patterns

3. **Testing Infrastructure**
   - Unit tests with mocks
   - Integration tests
   - API endpoint tests
   - Test data fixtures

### **Phase 3: Documentation & Tools**
1. **API Documentation**
   - Swagger/OpenAPI specification
   - Interactive documentation UI
   - Code examples and tutorials

2. **Development Tools**
   - Makefile commands
   - Development scripts
   - Code generation workflows
   - Quality assurance tools

## **Current Constraints & Considerations**

### **Technical Constraints**
- **Go Version**: Requires 1.25.0+ for latest features
- **Database**: PostgreSQL required for full functionality
- **Cache**: Valkey/Redis for optimal performance
- **Platform**: Cross-platform compatibility maintained

### **Development Constraints**
- **Architecture**: Strict Clean Architecture adherence
- **Testing**: 90%+ coverage requirement
- **Documentation**: Comprehensive documentation mandatory
- **Code Quality**: golangci-lint compliance required

### **Deployment Considerations**
- **Containerization**: Docker-based deployment
- **Environment**: Environment-specific configuration
- **Security**: Production-grade security measures
- **Monitoring**: Observability and health checks

## **Key Decision Points**

### **Architecture Decisions**
- **Clean Architecture**: Chosen for maintainability and testability
- **Domain-Driven Design**: For business logic isolation
- **Dependency Injection**: Samber's do for type safety
- **SQL Generation**: sqlc for compile-time validation

### **Technology Decisions**
- **Fiber v2**: High-performance web framework
- **PostgreSQL**: Robust relational database
- **Valkey**: Redis-compatible caching
- **JWT**: Stateless authentication

### **Development Process Decisions**
- **Test-Driven Development**: Comprehensive testing strategy
- **Documentation-First**: In-code documentation
- **CI/CD Integration**: Automated quality checks
- **Container Development**: Consistent environments

## **Risk Assessment**

### **Technical Risks**
- **Dependency Management**: Go module compatibility
- **Performance**: Database query optimization
- **Security**: Authentication and authorization
- **Scalability**: Horizontal scaling readiness

### **Development Risks**
- **Complexity**: Clean Architecture learning curve
- **Testing**: Mock generation and maintenance
- **Documentation**: Keeping docs synchronized
- **Quality**: Maintaining code standards

### **Mitigation Strategies**
- **Reference Implementation**: User domain as pattern
- **Comprehensive Testing**: Automated test coverage
- **Documentation Standards**: In-code documentation
- **Quality Gates**: CI/CD quality checks

## **Success Metrics**

### **Template Success Metrics**
- **Setup Time**: < 5 minutes for new projects
- **Domain Addition**: < 1 hour for new domains
- **Test Coverage**: 90%+ automated coverage
- **Documentation**: Complete API documentation

### **Quality Metrics**
- **Code Quality**: golangci-lint compliance
- **Security**: Zero high-severity vulnerabilities
- **Performance**: < 1ms average response time
- **Reliability**: 99.9% uptime target

### **Developer Experience Metrics**
- **Learning Curve**: Minimal ramp-up time
- **Productivity**: 10x faster initial development
- **Consistency**: Standardized patterns across projects
- **Maintenance**: Reduced technical debt

## **Next Priority Actions**

### **Immediate Actions (Next Session)**
1. **Begin Go Implementation**
   - Initialize core dependencies
   - Set up project structure
   - Implement configuration management

2. **Database Setup**
   - Create initial migrations
   - Configure sqlc
   - Set up database connections

3. **Core Infrastructure**
   - Implement middleware stack
   - Set up dependency injection
   - Create base structures

### **Short-term Goals (1-2 weeks)**
1. **Reference Domain Completion**
   - Full user/auth implementation
   - Comprehensive test coverage
   - API documentation generation

2. **Development Tooling**
   - Complete Makefile commands
   - Code generation workflows
   - Quality assurance automation

### **Medium-term Goals (1 month)**
1. **Template Validation**
   - End-to-end testing
   - Performance benchmarking
   - Security audit completion

2. **Documentation Enhancement**
   - Tutorial creation
   - Video demonstrations
   - Community guides

## **Stakeholder Communication**

### **Development Team**
- **Architecture Decisions**: Documented in architecture.md
- **Implementation Patterns**: Reference domain examples
- **Quality Standards**: CI/CD pipeline enforcement
- **Development Workflow**: Makefile and scripts

### **End Users**
- **Setup Instructions**: TEMPLATE_SETUP.md
- **Development Guide**: Adding new domains
- **API Documentation**: Auto-generated Swagger docs
- **Best Practices**: In-code examples

### **Operations Team**
- **Deployment Guide**: Docker and CI/CD documentation
- **Monitoring Setup**: Health checks and logging
- **Security Configuration**: Environment variables
- **Performance Tuning**: Configuration options

## **Knowledge Management**

### **Documentation Strategy**
- **Memory Bank**: Centralized project knowledge
- **Code Documentation**: In-code comments and examples
- **API Documentation**: Auto-generated and maintained
- **Process Documentation**: Step-by-step guides

### **Knowledge Transfer**
- **Reference Implementation**: User domain as learning tool
- **Patterns Library**: Reusable architectural patterns
- **Testing Examples**: Comprehensive test patterns
- **Configuration Examples**: Environment-specific setups

## **Continuous Improvement**

### **Feedback Loops**
- **Developer Feedback**: Usability and productivity
- **User Feedback**: Template effectiveness
- **Performance Metrics**: Benchmarking and optimization
- **Security Updates**: Regular dependency updates

### **Evolution Strategy**
- **Technology Updates**: Regular Go ecosystem updates
- **Pattern Refinement**: Architecture improvements
- **Tool Enhancement**: Development tool upgrades
- **Documentation Maintenance**: Keeping content current
